[Music]
so
i am hi everyone um so i'm
a user of glossier so i thought this
their example immediately
came to mind of when we're talking about
like nudging and
all of the different ways a brand can
like help their customer make better
decisions
so like blocky i think uses like visual
bias really well
their image is really consistent across
their social media
across the type of models and people
that they get to promote their brand
um and their website and products and
packaging it's all very consistent
and i think they use like peer influence
really well um
i think it has become a brand that has
been associated with a lot of like
social capital
and so a lot of their marketing has been
just kind of like word-of-mouth
marketing and like
you know selling this idea of like if
you own one of their products you
kind of become this like it girl um or
glossier girl i guess
and they also use like this example of
like an avatar based approach that
customers can imagine themselves
in the people that are using their
products so like highlighting
these like models or just kind of
idealistic girls on their website
um and showing like their different skin
types and you can kind of follow along
with their routine kind of seeing
yourself
as them um kind of selling this idea
like use our products and you will like
look like this girl and they also use
um different like skin tones of
different models so you can virtually
see like what a product would look like
when you're actually trying it on so it
like helps you visualize it
and like kind of informs like a personal
connection with the product
and then they also employ this idea of
like the customized recommendation
engine
so like the skincare quiz so basically
giving you a personalized routine
that you can follow morning through
night custom to you
and then they conveniently link their
products right next to it so that you
can just easily buy
so i think they do a really great job of
selling
this idea of like belonging and it's
very consistent throughout their brand
they're constantly like nudging you to
buy their products but in a way that
is kind of selling you on the idea that
it's like for your benefit alone
and that you're going to belong to this
like exclusive club once you actually do
buy their products so i mean i've
i've i've fallen prey to it i know many
people have um
i think they're they do a really good
job of branding
[Music]
it's
do you like your walk yeah yeah bubs
oh good boy
you sit you sit here down
good boy
[Music]
okay yeah
good boy bubs
baby
colby you can't have his food
bubba's bubba's come here
you're so energetic bugs smile for the
camera
bubbles kobe
look at your little tail
look at him oh he's like patiently
waiting
bubs you already had your breakfast
let him eat in peace come on
he's so patient he thinks he's really
gonna get some
oh sweetheart
[Music]
hmm
is
[Music]
oh
um
[Music]
i love you baby
i can't leave
[Music]
baby
uh
get me
[Music]
uh
do
[Music]
me
[Applause]
[Music]
let's see
what's up
[Music]
is it time for dinner
kobe sit sit
sit good boy good boy
go get it good boy
[Music]
you